Clarify privacy goal scope (#371)
tlswg/draft-ietf-tls-esni: draft-ietf-tls-esni.md

SHOULD take steps to minimize or protect such requests during certificate
validation.

> Attacks that rely on analysis of non-ECH traffic to infer server identity in an
> ECH connection are considered to be out of scope for this document. For example,
> a client that connects to a particular host prior to ECH deployment may resume a
> previous session or exhibit similar connection patterns under ECH.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Attacks that rely on non-ECH traffic to infer server identity in an ECH connection are 
out of scope for this document. For example, a client that connects to a particular host 
prior to ECH deployment may later resume a connection to that same host after ECH 
deployment, thereby linking the resulting ECH connection to the original non-ECH 
connection.
```
